My company wasn't big, it was just three of us, so it wasn't any big deal.
And I fly the Aggie flag in downtown Midland.
That's my battle cry, which meant they'd take the Supreme Court of the United States before they won.
And I won.
Well, I was pretty proud then, because in a way, excuse me, I was giving those bankers a finger.
The pride is, and maybe it's deeper than that.
Maybe it's deeper that I made that.
It made something out of me I wouldn't have been otherwise.
Better, by golly.
And the friendships, the dead,
Some of my buddies killed in action, others, you know, lived a good life, died.
So I'm far enough along life's road now that you have some, a lot of tenderness, but it was tender back then, you know.
I cried at the final review, you know.
There's somebody in them that makes you cry.
I cried when they were beating my ass.
One of the stories I couldn't let you leave without telling, and I think it's a pretty good story.
In 1984, Randy Mattson and Davis Ford, no, it was Jim Jeter, and he died, the president of the former student, came and sat right there, there was four of them, and they came and they asked me, would I help fund the former student building?
I couldn't imagine a bigger honor for an Aggie to be offered that.
And so I teared up.
Oh, yeah, I couldn't even talk first.
I said, well, yeah.
So oil was $28 a barrel then.
And so two years go by.
I'm in a financial battle with my banks.
The first payments due, I made one payment of half a million dollars like in 86, earlier, late 85.
Then the next big one's due.
I really, I don't have the money.
Right, so finally I sell my biggest company, and one of the reasons I sold it was I sold Clay John.
It was a pretty big sale.
I sold it because then I could get the banks to let me finish paying for that building.
But anyhow, the story is that when the first payment came due, oil was $10 a barrel, and I cried again.
But I'll carry it one step further.
I did sell that building, and Billy Clayton and Davis Ford were very much involved in it.
They had the former student meeting up in Denver.
Oh, excuse me, Colorado City.
So we have the idea.
There'd been quite a bit of bad-mouth, and then they should because I wasn't able to make the payment.
Until I sold that company, I couldn't make the payment.
So there was a little jealousy there, and there was a bad man, so they fed it back to me.
So finally I said, okay, I sold the company, I got the money.
But nobody else knew it, except Davis Ford and Billy Clayton.
So we go up there, and we decided to have a little fun out of that, as Aggies do sometimes.
So they're at the big board meeting, and Billy Clayton said, well, Clayton Williams is up here, and he needs to tell you something.
He's not going to...
Make the payments like three more years.
He's not going to do it.
You can see those guys saying, yeah, see, I told you, sir.
I got up there and said, I'm not going to pay it out over three years.
I'm going to pay the son of a bitch off right now.
So there's that.
I mean, there's competition.
Aggies were just people.
There's competition.
There's jealousies there.
But the heart of it is that the love and affection for A&M is in our heart, and it's there to stay, and it's real.
That's great, isn't it?